- woke up at 5AM
- stretched
- mindful meditation (only 1m to start)
- I have been working more on watching / observing my thoughts
	- I now bucket them, see below
	- observing has helped me in shifting to a more positive mindset
	- I find my list below very beneficial, it helps me with shifting thoughts up
	- started creating examples below, but I want to start jotting down more of what I have in each bucket because there are a lot and I think I can expand better on the examples
	- I may move this out to a new section and keep updated
- read more book 'Start From Zero'
	- 4 statements to support my goal of financial freedom
		- Thought: I will succeed
		- Feeling: Calm and focused
		- Environment: Free from distraction
		- Schedule: In bed at 10PM, up at 5AM
	- I've tried a couple links from the book and they don't work. One is for a life coach and the domain doesn't even work - leaving me feeling ... not good about the book
	- Build surveying brain
		- Apply to existing businesses:
			- Who is the customer?
			- What is the pain?
			- What is the solution?
			- What is the offer?
- googled around for life coach
	- I've always felt that these people are usually less successful than myself, but starting to realize ... what do i know?


I wrote this on my bathroom mirror, a bucket I thought up the other other day.  Whenever I observer my thoughts (often these days), I bucket them into one of the following.

- Helpful
- Positive
- Worthless
- Negative
- Harmful

Helpful
These are the thoughts that actually benefit me and are the best of the bunch.
Examples:
- I am going to invest X amount into this asset today

Positive
These are thoughts that are just positive and can lead to better emotional well being.
Examples:
- Helping someone
- Giving to someone in need
- Being a good dad


Worthless
These are thoughts that provide no benefit and really just take up space.
Examples:
- What actor was it that played in that movie

Negative
These are thoughts that build up and lead to a worse emotional well being.
Examples:
- I hate the President, I can't believe he gets away with all of this
- That guy is a real asshole
- Social media is so dumb
- I can't believe people actually go for this
- That bitch just cut me off, what an idiot
- In the end its all for nothing
- Nothing I do even fucking matters

Harmful
These are thoughts that greatly worsen the emotional well being
Examples:
- I'm such an idiot
- I'll never be able to do that
- What is the point of even trying
- I'll start over tomorrow
