- woke up at 5AM
- stretched
- mediated 5m
- reviewed past notes
- wrote my why (short/long) and my purpose
- other
	- finished audible 'Peak Performance' yesterday
	- started audible 'Indistractable' - I had started previously started again from beginning
- read more book 'Start From Zero'
	- finished it today
- updated notes, I thought I was reading 'Side Hustle' but it was 'Start From Zero' lol
- Other
	- 10m / day - was taking average 1mo. to finish book - still good as I would read ~12 books/year -- thats 12 more than I was reading.  It took ~7 days to read 'Start From Zero'
- I am NOT going to start a new book today.  I am going to put 'Start From Zero' into action.  Once I find Ideas worth pursuing then I'll start another book.
	- Storing daily CPSO & Pains in [google drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1GtSdaJwSOylUEv3_EOIkcdhTuXMEjRpw) 


### Why (short)
I want freedom from financial stress so I can be fully present for my son, never needing permission to show up for him.

### Why (long)
I want to live a life free of the stress of worrying about money so that I can focus on my son and my own well-being.

I want to build a better foundation for my son so that he has a better chance of being successful as he grows up.

I want to be present with him and with everything I do.

I don't want to ask for permission to go see a play at school or anything else that is 'during office hours'

### Purpose
To build a life of freedom, presence and love so that my son can thrive while I'm here and continue to be supported with security and wisdom long after I'm gone.