William,

Hello Son.  Its the start of the new year.We had a good holiday and enjoyed your 2 weeks off from School/Rainbow.  I did a lot of work on the bathroom to fix it (had water damage).  You spent a couple of the days with your new Friend Sampson at his house.  You met him at school, he is 1 grade ahead of you.  You play with him at recess and you are part of his 'spy' club.  Just telling you all of that in case you have forgotten.  Its the first time you want to spend time with others outside of the house haha - you are kind of a home body.

Your 7, here are some of your favorite things:
- Traffic Lights - you are borderline obsessed with traffic lights (in a good way).  For many months now you create papers of traffic lights, crosswalks, street signs, etc. -> I'm keeping a couple in this box for you.
- Google Maps - you use your iPad (really a Kindle Fire) all the time and navigate around using Google Maps.  100% honest, you now know your way around Irvine better than I do.
- Playing with your kitty Zelda. She likes to bite A LOT (playing). You call her bitey often .

Just for funzies, here is our current weekly routine.  

- Wake up at 5AM and work on creating freedom for you & me.
- Wake you up at 6:45AM, you eat cereal & watch 'Curious George' on Youtube
- You brush teeth, get dressed for school
- I take you to school and walk you to where you wait in the 'lot' for school to begin at 8AM. I usually leave around 7:50AM.  When we get to school we have a morning 'mantra' we do every morning:
	- "I am going to have a GREAT day"
	- "I am awesome" -- you constantly say "I am sauseme" to be funny
- I come home and exercise from ~8AM-8:30AM
- Take shower, go to work
- Pick you up at Rainbow ~5:30-6:00PM
- We go home, you change clothes, drink water 
- I make dinner and we eat
- We hang out for a bit before your 9PM bedtime
- ... rinse and repeat!!

You are such a good boy.  You have a wonderful personality. You are very shy, avoid risk and hate to fail/loose.  These are 3 things I've been trying to help you with but you are as stubborn as your dad :)

Life lesson: Be bold.  Take chances, fail fast and often. You WILL succeed.

I think about you every day and I'm so curious to see the man you become.  I love you more than anything. 


-- Dad
